Add example usage for algorithms in documentation (#548)
HumanCompatibleAI/imitation: docs/algorithms/preference_comparisons.rst

Preference comparisons
======================

> The preference comparisons algorithms learns a reward function from the preferences between pairs of 

Reviewer: I found this explanation a bit circular: "to predict the trajectory that will get a higher reward" --> aren't we learning the reward? It does make sense but you'd need to explain the difference between learned reward vs latent reward (if human preference comparisons) / ground truth reward (if synthetic).

How about something like:

```
The preference comparison algorithm learns a reward function from preferences between pairs of
trajectories. The comparisons are modeled as being generated from a Bradley-Terry (or Boltzmann rational) model, where the probability of preferring trajectory A over B is proportional to the exponential of the difference between the return of trajectory A minus B. In other words, the difference in returns forms a logit for a binary classification problem, and accordingly the reward function is trained using a cross-entropy loss to predict the preference comparison.

> trajectories. The reward function is learnt by gathering the preference between trajectories and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trajectories. The reward function is learnt by gathering the preferences between trajectories and 
```

training a reward network with the cross entropy loss to predict the trajectory that will get a higher reward.

Notes
-----

> - Preference comparisons paper: `Deep Reinforcement Learning from Human Preferences <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03741.pdf>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our implementation is based on the `Deep Reinforcement Learning from Human Preferences <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03741.pdf>`_ algorithm.
```

    preference_model = preference_comparisons.PreferenceModel(reward_net)
    reward_trainer = preference_comparisons.BasicRewardTrainer(
        model=reward_net,
        loss=preference_comparisons.CrossEntropyRewardLoss(preference_model),
        epochs=3,
    )

    agent = PPO(
        policy=FeedForward32Policy,
        policy_kwargs=dict(
            features_extractor_class=NormalizeFeaturesExtractor,
            features_extractor_kwargs=dict(normalize_class=RunningNorm),
        ),
        env=venv,
        n_steps=2048 // venv.num_envs,
    )

    trajectory_generator = preference_comparisons.AgentTrainer(
        algorithm=agent,
        reward_fn=reward_net,
        venv=venv,
        exploration_frac=0.0,
        seed=0,
    )

    pref_comparisons = preference_comparisons.PreferenceComparisons(
        trajectory_generator,
        reward_net,
        num_iterations=5,
        fragmenter=fragmenter,
        preference_gatherer=gatherer,
        reward_trainer=reward_trainer,
        seed=0,
        initial_epoch_multiplier=1,
    )
    pref_comparisons.train(total_timesteps=5_000, total_comparisons=200)

>     learned_reward_venv = RewardVecEnvWrapper(venv, reward_net.predict)

Author: I have made the change. Please check if the current code looks correct.
